Tuition fees will be collected as a whole. Tuition fees including the special fees prescribed and caution deposits will be collected on the date of admission.
If any student fails to pay the Tuition fee or special fee on the due date she shall be liable to pay a fine of Rs. 5/- along with the fee or special fee on or before the 7th working day after the due date. If the 10th day happens to be a holiday the next working day will be counted as the 10th day.
If the Tuition fee with a fine of Rs. 5/- is not paid on or before the last date fixed for payment with a fine of Rs. 5/- an additional fine of Rs. 10/- will have to be paid. If the fee and fines of an installment are not paid before the last opportunity given for payment of the installment, the name of the student will be removed from the rolls of the college with effect from the date following the expiry of this period and the student will not get the benefit of attendance from the date of removal from the rolls of the college. If the student is to be re-admitted she has to apply for special permission from the Principal and also has to remit all the arrears of fees with a fine and Rs. 50/- as readmission fee. The re-admitted student will get the benefit of attendance only from the date of re-admission.
The names of defaulters of an installment will be published on the notice board immediately after the expiry date of the last opportunity fixed for payment of a fee.
Students who are admitted for a term for making up the shortage of attendance for the course which the student was undergoing, should pay one-third of the tuition fees for the year along with special fees and caution deposit in one installment, at the time of admission. Only such category of former students of the college will be admitted as term students.
Every student is liable to pay the prescribed fee for the whole term during any part of which her name is on the rolls of the college. If a student is admitted to the same course of study in any other similar college, after obtaining a Transfer certificate from the institution, she shall not be required to pay the fees already paid for the term in the college which issued the TC, but special fees and caution deposit will have to be paid again in the new college.
Students belonging to Scheduled Caste and Scheduled Tribe who are bonafide subjects of Kerala State are eligible for full fee concession and stipend.
The fee shall be paid on the date fixed in the college calendar.
The absence with or without leave from the college shall not be an excuse for non-payment of fees on the prescribed date.
A receipt signed by the accountant shall be given for every payment made, which the students shall preserve and produce whenever required by the Principal.
Mistakes, if any, in the receipts issued for payment made should be corrected on the spot.
All cash transactions will be closed in the office at 2 p.m. every day.